**W3BCLOUD Terms and Conditions of Use**

*Date Last Updated: May 3, 2022*

W3BCLOUD Inc. and its affiliates (“**W3BCLOUD**,” “**we**,”
“**us**,” or “**our**”) provide users with access to a global network of
high-performance data centers built to enable Web 3.0 and the blockchain
economy. We provide information about our offerings on our website,
[www.w3bcloud.com/](https://www.w3bcloud.com/), and subdomains
(collectively, the “**Sites**”), and other text, images, audio, software
code, materials and third-party information.

These Terms and Conditions of Use (“**Terms**”) contain the terms and
conditions that govern your access to and use of the Sites and the
products and services provided by us through the Sites or otherwise (the
“**Services**”). These Terms represent a binding agreement between us
and you or the entity you represent (“**you**” or “**your**”). Please
read these Terms carefully before accessing or using the Sites or the
Services. By clicking a button or checkbox to accept or agree to these
Terms (where that option is made available) or by using or otherwise
accessing the Sites or the Services (the “**Effective Date**”), you
accept and agree to these Terms and any additional terms, rules,
policies and conditions issued by W3BCLOUD from time to time. If you do
not agree to the Terms, then you may not access or use the Sites or the
Services. 

The date that these Terms were last updated is shown at the top of the
page. We may revise and update these Terms from time to time in our sole
discretion. All changes are effective immediately after we post them,
and apply to all access to and use of the Sites and the Services
thereafter. Your continued use of the Sites and the Services after such
time means that you accept and agree to the changes. Please check this
page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.

By agreeing to these Terms, you represent to us that you are lawfully
able to enter into contracts. If you are entering into these Terms for
an entity, such as the company you work for, you represent to us that
you have legal authority to bind that entity.

In addition, you represent to us that you and your financial
institutions, or any party that owns, controls or otherwise has a direct
or indirect beneficial interest in you, in the entity on whose behalf
you are acting as agent, or your or such entity’s financial
institutions, are (1) not subject to sanctions or otherwise designated
on any list of prohibited or restricted parties, including but not
limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations Security Council,
the U.S. Government (e.g., the Specially Designated Nationals List and
Foreign Sanctions Evaders List of the U.S. Department of Treasury and
the Entity List of the U.S. Department of Commerce), the European Union
or its Member States, or other applicable government authority and (2)
not located in any country to which the United States has embargoed
goods or has otherwise applied any sanctions. You agree to comply with
all applicable import, re-import, sanctions, anti-boycott, export and
re-export control laws and regulations. If the foregoing is not
accurate, or you do not agree to abide by the foregoing, you must
immediately cease your use of the Sites and the Services.

**<u>IMPORTANT NOTICE</u>:** THESE TERMS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION
PROVISION AND A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTION RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN PARAGRAPH
8. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY.

**1. <u>Our Services</u>**

\(a\) <u>Access and Use</u>. The Services may be provided through the
Sites or as otherwise offered to you and may include access to software,
including any modifications and other updates thereto (“**Software**”).
Subject to your acceptance of these Terms, you may access and use the
Sites and the Services in accordance with these Terms and all laws,
rules and regulations applicable to your access to and use of the Sites
and the Services.

\(b\) <u>Third-Party Resources</u> When you use the Services, you may
also be using the services, products, content or other resources of one
or more third parties (“**Third-Party Resources**”). Your use of
Third-Party Resources may be subject to the separate terms, conditions
and fees of such third parties. We are not responsible for any
Third-Party Resources and the inclusion of the Third-Party Resources
does not constitute our approval, endorsement or recommendation of such
third-parties or the Third-Party Resources. Usage and reliance on the
Third-Party Resources is at your own risk.

\(c\) <u>Changes</u>. We reserve the right to update, modify or
discontinue the Services, whether in whole or in part, at any time
without notice to you. Any new features or functionality of the Sites
and the Services will be subject to these Terms.

**2.** **<u>Your Obligations</u>**

\(a\) <u>Your Use</u>. You are responsible for your use of the Services
and will ensure that such use does not violate these Terms or any
applicable laws.

\(b\) <u>Your Security and Backup</u>. You are responsible for properly
configuring and using the Services and for taking appropriate action to
secure and protect your data, network and systems.

\(c\) <u>Prohibited Uses</u>. You will not, directly or indirectly:

-   Disclose to us or use the Services to store, transmit or otherwise
    deal in or manage, however transitory or incidental, any “personal
    data,” “protected health information,” “personally identifiable
    information” or similar data as is defined in applicable data
    privacy laws;

-   Modify, copy, display, distribute, transmit, publish, sell, lease,
    lend, license, create derivative works from or use any portion of
    any content, Software or other information available on the Sites or
    the Services except as permitted by these Terms;

-   Reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt or otherwise
    attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of any Software,
    in whole or in part;

-   Remove any proprietary notices from any Software;

-   Use the Services, including any portion of any content, Software or
    other information available on the Sites or the Services, in any way
    that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international
    law or regulation (including, without limitation, all laws
    applicable in your jurisdiction and any laws regarding the export of
    data or software to and from the US or other countries) or for any
    purpose that infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates any
    intellectual property or other right of any person;

-   Use the Services to engage in, promote or encourage any illegal,
    offensive or harmful activity;

-   Impersonate or attempt to impersonate any W3BCLOUD employee, another
    user or any other person or entity;

-   Provide information to us with the intention of misleading or
    deceiving us or any other person or entity or to commit fraud;

-   Engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use
    or enjoyment of the Sites or the Services, or which, as determined
    by us, may harm us, the Services or our users;

-   Engage in any activities that undermine or compromise the systems,
    networks or other devices used in connection with the Sites and the
    Services; or

-   Otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Sites or the
    Services or any devices or technology we use to provide the Sites
    and Services.

**3.** **<u>Suspension and Termination</u>**

You’re free to stop using our Services at any time. We reserve the right
to suspend or terminate your access to all or any portion the Services
any time with or without notice. You will continue to be bound by the
Terms during any suspension and after termination.

**4. <u>Proprietary Rights</u>**

\(a\) <u>Our Rights</u>. As between you and us, we own all right, title
and interest in and to the Sites and the Services, including all
content, Software and other information available on the Sites or the
Services, and all technology and intellectual property rights related
thereto. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a
limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable
license to access and use the Sites and the Services in accordance with
these Terms. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in these
Terms.

\(b\) <u>Your Rights</u>. As between you and us, you own all rights,
title and interest in and to any data that you generate, transmit, store
or otherwise manage using the Services. Except as necessary to provide
the Sites and the Services to you, we obtain no rights in any such data.

\(c\) <u>Feedback</u>. If you provide any suggestions, ideas or other
feedback (“**Feedback**”) to us or our affiliates regarding the Sites or
the Services, we and our affiliates will be entitled to use the Feedback
without restriction or remuneration. You hereby irrevocably assign to us
all right, title and interest in and to all Feedback and agree to
provide us with any assistance we require to document, perfect and
maintain our rights in all Feedback.

\(d\) <u>U.S. Government Users</u>. If you are a U.S. Government end
user, we are licensing the Services to you as a “commercial product,”
which may consist of “commercial computer software” and “commercial
computer software documentation,” as such terms are defined in the U.S.
Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R. § 2.101 and 48 C.F.R. §
12.212), and the rights we grant you under these terms are the same as
the rights we grant to all other users of the Services.

**5. <u>Disclaimers</u>**

\(a\) <u>Disclaimer of Warranties</u>. THE SITES AND THE SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES
OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, W3BCLOUD HEREBY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
NEITHER W3BCLOUD, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH
W3BCLOUD OR ITS AFFILIATES, MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH
RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR
AVAILABILITY OF THE SITES OR THE SERVICES, THAT ANY DATA WILL BE SECURE
OR FREE FROM LOSS OR DESTRUCTION, OR THAT THE SITES AND THE SERVICES
WILL (i) ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, (ii) MEET YOUR OR ANY OTHER
PERSON’S REQUIREMENTS, (iii) BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, FREE FROM
HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (iv) COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM
OR OTHER SERVICES.

\(b\) <u>Disclaimer of Risks</u>. THE SERVICES RELY ON EMERGING
TECHNOLOGIES, SUCH AS BLOCKCHAIN AND CRYPTOECONOMIC PROTOCOLS, WHICH MAY
BE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT RISKS, INCLUDING RAPID CHANGE, INCREASED
REGULATION, LACK OF PROTECTION AND POTENTIAL MISUSE. BY USING THE
SERVICES, YOU EXPLICITLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT SUCH RISKS.

**6. <u>Limitations of Liability</u>**

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL W3BCLOUD OR ITS
AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS
FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER
AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF
LIABILITY, EVEN IF W3BCLOUD OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF A REMEDY OTHERWISE FAILS OF ITS
ESSENTIAL. FURTHER, OTHER THAN FOR THE TYPES OF LIABILITY WE CAN’T LIMIT
BY LAW (AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PARAGRAPH), OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY,
TOGETHER WITH THAT OF ALL OF OUR AFFILIATES, IS LIMITED TO $200 USD. THE
FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT
AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.

We don’t exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be illegal
to do so; this includes any liability for gross negligence, fraud or
intentional misconduct by us in providing the Services. In countries
where the above types of exclusions aren’t allowed, we’re responsible to
you only for losses and damages that are a reasonably foreseeable result
of our failure to use reasonable care and skill or our breach of our
contract with you. This paragraph 6 doesn’t affect any consumer rights
that can’t be waived or limited by any contract or agreement.

**7. <u>Indemnification</u>**

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify,
defend and hold harmless us, and our officers, directors, agents,
partners, affiliates, and employees from and against any losses,
liabilities, claims, demands, damages, expenses, or costs (“Claims”)
arising out of or related to your violation, misappropriation, or
infringement of any rights of another (including intellectual property
rights or privacy rights) or your violation of the law. You agree to
promptly notify us of any third-party Claims, cooperate with us in
defending such Claims and pay all fees, costs, and expenses associated
with defending such Claims (including attorneys’ fees). You also agree
that we will have control of the defense or settlement, in our sole
discretion, of any third-party Claims.

**8. <u>Governing Law; Binding Arbitration; Class Action Waiver; Time
Limitations</u>**

**<u>IMPORTANT NOTICE</u>:** PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY -
THEY MAY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A
LAWSUIT IN COURT.

\(a\) Some countries have laws that require agreements to be governed by
the local laws of the consumer's country; this paragraph 8 does not
override those laws. If you are a consumer living in European Economic
Area or Switzerland: the laws and courts of your country of residence
will apply to any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms.

\(b\) <u>Binding Arbitration</u>. Subject to paragraph 8(a) above, these
Terms will be governed by and interpreted by the laws of the State of
New York, without regards to its choice of law principles, and any
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms, or the
breach thereof, will be settled in New York City, New York by
arbitration under New York law and administered by the American
Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration
Rules. The language of the arbitration will be English. Judgment on the
award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. If a court decides that applicable law precludes
enforcement of the foregoing as to a particular claim for relief, then
that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the arbitration
and may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction.

\(b\) <u>Class Action Waiver</u>. You agree that you may only bring
claims against us on an individual basis, and not as a plaintiff or
class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. You
expressly waive any right to file a class action or seek relief on a
class basis. If a court decides that applicable law precludes
enforcement of the foregoing limitations as to a particular claim for
relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the
arbitration and may be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. If
any court or arbitrator determines that this class action waiver is void
or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a
class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth above will be
deemed null and void in its entirety.

\(c\) <u>Limitation on Time to File Claims</u>. Any cause of action or
claim that you may have arising out of or relating to these Terms must
be commenced within 1 year after the cause of action accrues. Failure to
bring such claims within such timeframe will result in such claims being
permanently barred.

**9. <u>Miscellaneous</u>**

\(a\) <u>Entire Agreement</u>. These Terms constitute the entire
agreement between you and us regarding your access to and use of the
Sites and the Services.

\(b\) <u>Assignment</u>. You may not assign these Terms or any of your
rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation of
law or otherwise without our prior written consent, and any attempt to
do so will be null and void. We may assign these Terms, in whole or in
part, at any time without notice.

\(c\) <u>Waiver; Severability</u>. No waiver by us of any term or
condition set out in these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing
waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or
condition. Our failure to exercise a right or enforce an obligation
under these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or
obligation. If any provision of these Terms is held by a court or other
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be eliminated or
limited to the minimum extent necessary to render the remaining
provisions in full force and effect.

\(d\) <u>Force Majeure</u>. Neither you nor we (or our respective
affiliates) will be liable for any delay or failure to perform any
obligation under these Terms where the delay or failure results from any
cause beyond your or our reasonable control, including but not limited
to acts of God, utilities or other telecommunications failures,
cyber-attacks, earthquake, storms or other elements of nature,
pandemics, blockages, embargoes, riots, acts or orders of government,
acts of terrorism or war.

\(e\) <u>Independent Contractors</u>. Nothing in these Terms creates or
is intended to create a joint venture, agency relationship or
partnership between you and us. The relationship between you and us is
that of independent contractors.

\(f\) <u>Rights Reserved</u>. We reserve the right (i) to develop or
have developed on our behalf products, services, concepts, systems or
techniques that are similar to or compete with the products, services,
concepts, systems or techniques developed or contemplated by you, and
(ii) to assist third party developers or systems integrators who may
offer products or services which compete with your products or services.

\(g\) <u>Notices</u>. All communications and notices made or given
pursuant to these Terms must be in the English language. If we provide a
translation of the English language version of these Terms, the English
language version will control if there is any conflict. You agree that
communications and transactions between us may be conducted
electronically. If you have any questions, or would like to report abuse
of our Services, please email us at legal@w3bcloud.com.

\(h\) <u>No Third-Party Beneficiaries</u>. Unless expressly stated
otherwise, these Terms do not create any third-party beneficiary rights
in any other individual or entity.
